docs/next/examples/examples.md, before:

# Examples

Here are live examples to see Leo Query in action.

| Example                                                                                                               | Description                                        |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [Dogs JS](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/leo-query-dogs-demo-js-forked-tt6tq6?workspaceId=ws_CTu2uAaf7QNEGg4Jxmo6VN) | A simple dog counter (Javascript)                  |
| [Dogs TS](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/leo-query-dogs-demo-ts-forked-wnxn3w?workspaceId=ws_CTu2uAaf7QNEGg4Jxmo6VN) | A simple dog counter (Typescript)                  |
| [Optmistic Updates](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/hcfp9y)                                                          | Optimistic updates to make the UI more responsive  |
| [Persisting Data](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/xtq66z)                                                            | Persist data with local storage                    |
| [Next.js Integration](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/next-js-example-0-3-0-y6w29t)                                   | Data loading with Next.js                          |
| [Todos](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/todos-0-3-0-d75vj5)                                                          | A simple todos app                                 |
| [Task Manager](https://zhzgv5.csb.app/)                                                                               | A more complex task manager app                    |

Commit message:

Add Next.js and Persist example

docs/next/examples/examples.md, after:

# Examples

Here are live examples to see Leo Query in action.

| Example                                                                                                               | Description                                        |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [Dogs JS](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/leo-query-dogs-demo-js-forked-tt6tq6?workspaceId=ws_CTu2uAaf7QNEGg4Jxmo6VN) | A simple dog counter (Javascript)                  |
| [Dogs TS](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/leo-query-dogs-demo-ts-forked-wnxn3w?workspaceId=ws_CTu2uAaf7QNEGg4Jxmo6VN) | A simple dog counter (Typescript)                  |
| [Optmistic Updates](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/hcfp9y)                                                          | Optimistic updates to make the UI more responsive  |
| [Persisting Data](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/xtq66z)                                                            | Persist data with local storage                    |
| [Next.js Integration](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/next-js-example-0-3-0-y6w29t)                                   | Data loading with Next.js                          |
| [Next.js and Persist](https://codesandbox.io/p/devbox/next-js--persist-example-0-3-0-forked-tcssj5)      | Data loading with Next.js and persist middleware   |
| [Todos](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/todos-0-3-0-d75vj5)                                                          | A simple todos app                                 |
| [Task Manager](https://zhzgv5.csb.app/)                                                                               | A more complex task manager app                    |
